## What is the "Hashtag Market"?

Hashtag is a protocol on the Ethereum blockchain that creates
a market & incentive economy around the creation and use of
hashtags. The protocol aims to create a virtuous, financially
incentivized system that creates more value to all
participants the more it grows.

The system revolves around four participants: Creator, Owner,
Publisher and Tagger. These key market participants interact
directly with the protocol, paying to use and earning from the
system without having to negotiate terms of use. The data
generated by the protocol is immutable (impervious to
censorship) and globally accessible.

Hashtag Protocol uses an auction method to determine the price
of a new Hashtag Token. The "creation price" is the amount the
winning bidder pays to acquire the newly created Hashtag
Token. The proceeds of the auction are automatically divided
between the originating Publisher and the Protocol.

In addition to creating unique, non-fungible tokens that both
contain and represent a single, natural language hashtag, the
Protocol also provides facilities for linking a token any
online digital artifact, effectively tagging that content with
the hashtag. Tag count quantifies how many pieces of content
have been tagged with this hashtag.

In exchange for facilitating an entry to a decentralized,
immutable and globally accessible database, the Protocol
collects a small fee from the Tagger when they tag content.
The Protocol smart contract then automatically distributes
this fee among the token owner, the publisher facilitating the
tagging and the Protocol.
